Hey guys what's up.
So welcome to this new esprit de corps tutorial series and we're going to be using the latest version
of dot net core which as of the time in this video is 2.1.
And in order to be able to proceed with this tutorial you definitely need to make sure that you download
that and have it installed.
And if you're on Windows you might as well have the Dot Net framework there as well in case you guys
decide to not use that code for whatever sort of project you're using.
The tutorial.
We're going to be covering here is going to apply to both dot net core as well as the Dot Net Framework.
The latest version is there are going to be certain features of each one that may not be 100 percent
compatible but ultimately most of the material that will cover is going to be it's going to work on
both versions.
So specifically what we're going to be looking at is the Dot Net runtime is Microsoft's runtime that
runs on its operating system so the Dot Net Framework runs on a Microsoft operating system not their
core is a is actually able to be run cross-platform so it's not just for Microsoft operating systems
it can also be used for Mac and Linux.
So in addition to that there is a language which is C-Sharp and that's the language we're going to be
focusing on in this tutorial and that is Microsoft's flagship language that they've used for the last
probably 15 probably 18 years now I guess and that is a language that was much inspired by the Java
language it's a fully object oriented language and we're going to be looking at that in this tutorial
series and then specifically for the C-sharp language there is the airspeeds net web framework which
is Microsoft's most popular web framework and the latest version is HSP dotnet core.
So I've been writing C-Sharp and specifically Espina Net Web sites for roughly eight years or so on
and off.
I do a lot of javascript in front of you I work.
But as you'll see and hear HSP dot net consists of a lot of C-Sharp code.
Now you can use Visual Basic or VB dot net if you wanted to but most people that are doing anything
with Microsoft these days are going to be using C-Sharp for anything new.
I mean that's just my recommendation that if you're going to be choosing between you know VB or C-Sharp
I would definitely choose C-sharp.
So the final thing that you'll need that I recommend as an editor you need some sort of development
environment.
Now you can use visual code Visual Studio code if you want to but this tutorial series is going to be
using the free version of Visual Studio 20:17 there is a community once that you can see free download
right there so I'll have both of these links and the description tab.
So make sure you have both of them installed.